Homepage:

Header (superimposed on the photo):
-Replace "We are getting married" with "Amanda + Eugene"
-September 16, 2016
-No time on the header
-Can the text please be moved down a bit, so it's not on top of the image of us?

Text on the page:
-Delete "What's going to happen"

Under the clock icon:

Itinerary
12:15 Ceremony
          Photos
1:30 -3:30 Cocktail Hour on Boat Cruise in Frenchman Bay
4:00-8:00 Reception

Under the drinks/dinner icons:

Dinner Menu:
Chargrilled Filet Mignon and Maine Lobster Tail with drawn butter
Roasted Statler Breast of Chicken with cranberry orange chutney
Grilled Portabella and Roasted Vegetable Stack with basil pesto buerre blanc & smoked tomato choulis
All entrees served with spinach salad, rice/risotto, and vegetable

-If it's too crowded on the page, leave off the text in italics
-Skip the dessert section for now

Ceremony & Reception Info
-Replace "Transportation" with "Ceremony & Reception Info"
-Add text: Ceremony & Reception: Bar Harbor Inn & Spa, 1 Newport Dr, Bar Harbor 04609
                 Ceremony: Bayview Lawn (weather permitting)
                 Reception: Porcupine Room

Boat Cruise Info
1:15- Boarding begins at Atlantic Oceanside Hotel, 119 Eden St, Bar Harbor 04609
1:30- Departure
Following the ceremony we will be enjoying cocktails and hors d'oeuvres during a private nature/sightseeing cruise in Frenchman Bay.  The boat will depart from the Atlantic Oceanside Hotel, which is 1.5 miles (7 minute drive) from the ceremony site.  We have been asked to arrive at 1:15 for boarding.  Although we don't have official transportation to/from the boat dock, we hope to create enough carpools.  Please let us know if you need help arranging transportation.  There is plenty of free parking at the boat dock.
The boat has a heated enclosed cabin, an open top deck, and restrooms.  Temperatures on the water will be colder than on shore, so a warm layer or two are strongly recommended.  In case of bad weather, the captain will determine whether we will be able to go.  We will be aboard "The Acadian" operated by Acadian Nature Cruises.  For more information and photos of the boat, visit https://acadianboattours.com/

Gifts & Attire
We will be so happy to have you join us in this celebration and your warm wishes are enough of a gift for us.  However, for those who would still like to bring something, we will have a card box at the reception.

Standard wedding attire: button-down shirts and slacks for men; similarly formal for women
Bring a warm layer for the boat cruise.

Accommodations
A block of 10 rooms has been reserved at the Quality Inn in Bar Harbor.  Please mention the Maas/Klitenik wedding when making your reservation.
https://barharborqualityinn.com/

AirBnB is an option for those looking for a unique and budget-friendly experience.

For those interested in camping, reservations can be made at campgrounds at Acadia National Park.
https://www.nps.gov/acad/planyourvisit/camping.htm

Location:
Bar Harbor Inn
1 Newport Dr
Bar Harbor, ME 04609

Map
https://goo.gl/maps/SQnKGFicgNn

RSVPs:

-Everything on the rsvp window should stay the same, except the guests have to choose a dinner selections:

Chargrilled Filet Mignon and Maine Lobster Tail with drawn butter
Roasted Statler Breast of Chicken with cranberry orange chutney
Grilled Portabella and Roasted Vegetable Stack with basil pesto buerre blanc & smoked tomato choulis
All entrees served with spinach salad, rice/risotto, and vegetable